[Scene 1] A woman with a gun controller playing a video game with 3d glasses.
[Scene 2] A woman is playing a shooting game at an exhibition.
[Scene 3] It is a woman in a suit standing in front of a metal gear display at an event.
[Scene 4] The woman is wearing 3d glasses and looking at something through them.
[Scene 5] A woman is playing a video game with a gun on a screen.
[Scene 6] A woman is wearing a red hat and holding a black gun with an analog stick.
[Scene 7] A woman is playing a video game on a laptop.
[Scene 8] The person is playing a video game on a computer screen with headphones on.
[Scene 9] The woman is holding a book or magazine and talking to someone in a business setting.
[Scene 10] There is a group of people standing in front of a large screen displaying a video game.
[Scene 11] The video is about a woman playing a video game in an arcade.